Allow configuring interval and timespan independently (#4176)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/prometheus/prometheus.exporter.azure.md

| `metric_namespace`            | `string`       | Namespace for `resource_type` which have multiple levels of metrics.                                                                                     |                                                                               | no       |
| `regions`                     | `list(string)` | The list of regions for gathering metrics. Gathers metrics for all resources in the subscription. Can't be used if `resource_graph_query_filter` is set. |                                                                               | no       |
| `resource_graph_query_filter` | `string`       | The [Kusto query][] filter to apply when searching for resources. Can't be used if `regions` is set.                                                     |                                                                               | no       |

> | `timespan`                    | `string`       | [ISO8601 Duration][] over which the metrics are being queried.                                                                                           | `"PT5M"` (5 minute)                                                           | no       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `timespan`                    | `string`       | [ISO8601 Duration][] over which the metrics are being queried.                                                                                           | `"PT5M"` (5 minutes)                                                          | no       |
```

Valid values for `azure_cloud_environment` are `azurecloud`, `azurechinacloud`, `azuregovernmentcloud` and `azurepprivatecloud`.

`validate_dimensions` is disabled by default to reduce the number of Azure exporter instances required when a `resource_type` has metrics with varying dimensions.
When `validate_dimensions` is enabled you will need one exporter instance per metric + dimension combination which is more tedious to maintain.

`timespan` and `interval` are used to control how metrics are queried from Azure Monitor. 

> The exporter will query metrics over the `timespan` and return the most recent datapoint at the specified `interval`. 
> If you are having issues with missing metrics, try increasing the `timespan` to a larger value, such as `PT10M` (10 minutes) or `PT15M` (15 minutes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The exporter queries metrics over the `timespan` and returns the most recent datapoint at the specified `interval`. 
If you are having issues with missing metrics, try increasing the `timespan` to a larger value, such as `PT10M` for 10 minutes, or `PT15M`  for 15 minutes.
```

Small change to make the first sentence more active, and remove the brackets in the second sentence.
